LOGIN
Transact
Verification & Risk Solutions
Payment Solutions
Collection Solutions
Payroll and HR Solutions
Payment Solutions
Business continuity starts with solutions you can trust.
We operate within the ambit of the National Payments System Act (NPS) and are governed by the South African Reserve Bank (SARB). We hold membership of the Payment System Stakeholder Forum (PSSF) and the Commercial Independent Bureau Association (CIBA).

Credit Disbursement - EFT Payments

Our financial transactions ecosystem makes provision for disbursement of credits on behalf of our clients.

These include:

In excess of 6 Million salary and wage payments annually
More than 100 000 garnishee orders annually
Monthly reconciliation schedules sent to over 1500 3rd party institutions
Payments to CMA countries (South Africa, Namibia, Lesotho and Eswatini)
Nominated Beneficiary Payments such as salaries, wages 3rd party, creditor, garnishee orders.
Un-nominated Payments
Same day and 1-day Payments
Solutions
Online payment platforms built for future-ready business
Our payment processing platforms are web-based and flexible putting the control back in your hands and allowing you to securely manage your payment transactions.
OPS
Online Payment System
Manage payments and beneficiaries in real-time.


Easily create and maintain beneficiaries
Automatic Check Digit Verification (CDV)
Account Holder Verification (AVS) of beneficiary's bank information
Streamline multiple financial systems and legal entities onto a single disbursement and reporting platform
Seamlessly automate the distribution of 3rd party payment schedules and proof of payments to beneficiaries
APS
Automated Payment System
Manage batch payments and beneficiaries.


Batch upload EFT collections and payments
Account Verification Services (AVS) batch and real-time transactions
Easy and intuitive navigation
Incorporate audited banking-standard security
Enhance security with multiple levels relating to segregation of duties
APIs, for automated processing of payments and AVS directly from your line of business systems
Partner with Nutun Transact for peace of mind
Speak to one of our Business Development Specialist to discuss various payment processing solutions suited for your business.
BOOK A CALL
Why Nutun?
We manage electronic transactions in excess of R160b annually.
Compliance
We operate within the ambit of the National Payments System Act (NPS) and are governed by the South African Reserve Bank (SARB). We hold membership with the Payment System Stakeholder Forum (PSSF) and the Commercial Independent Bureau Association (CIBA).
Security
Our customers enjoy greater peace of mind as a result of our heightened security measures. We achieve this through effective controls and self-managed segregation of duties.
Speed
Our efficient and prompt fund transfer convenience is due to our agnostic approach to bank partners. We have settlement and trust accounts with all major South African banks.
About
Connect
Locations
Legal Centre
© 2024 Nutun. All Rights Reserved.
Nutun uses cookies to optimise the design of its website and provide you with the best possible online experience. By continuing your visit to this website, you consent to the use of cookies. Read our terms and conditions for more information.
LEGAL CENTRE
ACCEPT ALL